README.md, before:

# Graph Theory
Implementation of well-known Graph theory algorithms & their applications in Java Programming language.

- [Breadth First Search - Shortest Path](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/main/java/com/ttahb/graph/BreadthFirstSearchShortestPath.java) --> [TestCase](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/test/java/com/ttahb/graph/BreadthFirstSearchShortestPathTest.java)
- [Depth First Search - Recursive With Adjaceny List Representation](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/main/java/com/ttahb/graph/DepthFirstSearchRecursive.java) --> [TestCase](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/test/java/com/ttahb/graph/DepthFirstSearchRecursiveTest.java)
- [Depth First Search - Count the number of components in a given graph](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/main/java/com/ttahb/graph/CountOfConnectedComponentsGraphUsingDFS.java) -->[TestCase](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/test/java/com/ttahb/graph/CountOfConnectedComponentsGraphUsingDFSTest.java)
- [Dungeon Problem in 2D - Count the steps to Exit. Using Adjacency Matrix](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/main/java/com/ttahb/graph/DungeonProblemUsingBFS.java) --> [TestCase](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/test/java/com/ttahb/graph/DungeonProblemUsingBFSTest.java)
- [Leaf Sum - Calculate sum of the values in all leaf nodes in a rooted tree](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/main/java/com/ttahb/graph/LeafSum.java) --> [TestCase](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/test/java/com/ttahb/graph/LeafSumTest.java)
- [Height of Tree - Find the height of a binary tree](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/main/java/com/ttahb/graph/HeightOfTree.java) --> [TestCase](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/test/java/com/ttahb/graph/HeightOfTreeTest.java)
- [Rooting a tree - Given an undirected graph and a designated root node, transform to a Rooted Tree with DFS recursively](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/main/java/com/ttahb/graph/RootingATree.java) --> [TestCase](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/test/java/com/ttahb/graph/RootingATreeTest.java)
- [Center(s) of a Tree - Given an undirected graph, acyclic graph - find the center(s) of the tree](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/main/java/com/ttahb/graph/CenterOfATree.java) --> [TestCase](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/test/java/com/ttahb/graph/CenterOfATreeTest.java)
- [Tree Isomorphism - Whether two trees given as undirected graphs, are structurally same - AHO Algorithm used for encoding](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/main/java/com/ttahb/graph/TreeIsomorphism.java) --> [TestCase](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/test/java/com/ttahb/graph/TreeIsomorphismTest.java)
- [Topological Sort - Using DFS Recursion](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/main/java/com/ttahb/graph/TopologicalSort.java) --> [TestCase](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/test/java/com/ttahb/graph/TopologicalSortTest.java)
- [Single Source Shortest Path - Using topological sort with Directed Acyclic Weighted Graph (DAG)](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/main/java/com/ttahb/graph/DAGSingleSourceShortestPathUsingTopSort.java) --> [TestCase](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/test/java/com/ttahb/graph/DAGSingleSourceShortestPathUsingTopSortTest.java)
- [Single Source Shortest Path - Dijkstra's Lazy Approach Using Priority Queue - Non-negative weights (DAG)](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/main/java/com/ttahb/graph/DijkstraLazyUsingPQ.java) --> [TestCase](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/test/java/com/ttahb/graph/DijkstraLazyUsingPQTest.java)
- [Min Heap based Priority Queue](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/main/java/com/ttahb/graph/DomesticPQ.java) --> [TestCase](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/test/java/com/ttahb/graph/TestDomesticPQ.java)
- [Min Heap based Indexed Priority Queue](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/main/java/com/ttahb/graph/IndexedPriorityQueue.java) --> [TestCase](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/test/java/com/ttahb/graph/TestIndexedPriorityQueue.java)
- [Single Source Shortest Path - Dijkstra's Eager Approach - Uses Indexed Priority Queue - Non-Negative Weights (DAG)](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/main/java/com/ttahb/graph/DijkstraEagerApproach.java) --> [TestCase](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/test/java/com/ttahb/graph/TestDijkstraEagerApproach.java)
- [Single Source Shortest Path - Bellman Ford -Edge List Representation - Works for Negative Weights, Detects Negative Cycle (DAG)](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/main/java/com/ttahb/graph/BellmanFordAlgorithm.java) --> [TestCase](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/test/java/com/ttahb/graph/BellmanFordAlgorithmTest.java)
- [All Pair Shortest Path - Floyd Warshall Algorithm With Path Reconstruction, Detects and Propogates Vertices in the Negative Cycle](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/main/java/com/ttahb/graph/FloydWarshallAPSP.java) --> [TestCase](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/test/java/com/ttahb/graph/FloydWarshalAPSPTest.java)
- # Pre-requisite for running algorithms.
- JDK16+ ( but with minute modifications can be run in JDK8+)
- Build Tool - Maven
- JUnit5 to run testcases.

Commit message:

updated readme with artpoint and bridge

README.md, after:

# Graph Theory
Implementation of well-known Graph theory algorithms & their applications in Java Programming language.

- [Breadth First Search - Shortest Path](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/main/java/com/ttahb/graph/BreadthFirstSearchShortestPath.java) --> [TestCase](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/test/java/com/ttahb/graph/BreadthFirstSearchShortestPathTest.java)
- [Depth First Search - Recursive With Adjaceny List Representation](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/main/java/com/ttahb/graph/DepthFirstSearchRecursive.java) --> [TestCase](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/test/java/com/ttahb/graph/DepthFirstSearchRecursiveTest.java)
- [Depth First Search - Count the number of components in a given graph](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/main/java/com/ttahb/graph/CountOfConnectedComponentsGraphUsingDFS.java) -->[TestCase](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/test/java/com/ttahb/graph/CountOfConnectedComponentsGraphUsingDFSTest.java)
- [Dungeon Problem in 2D - Count the steps to Exit. Using Adjacency Matrix](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/main/java/com/ttahb/graph/DungeonProblemUsingBFS.java) --> [TestCase](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/test/java/com/ttahb/graph/DungeonProblemUsingBFSTest.java)
- [Leaf Sum - Calculate sum of the values in all leaf nodes in a rooted tree](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/main/java/com/ttahb/graph/LeafSum.java) --> [TestCase](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/test/java/com/ttahb/graph/LeafSumTest.java)
- [Height of Tree - Find the height of a binary tree](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/main/java/com/ttahb/graph/HeightOfTree.java) --> [TestCase](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/test/java/com/ttahb/graph/HeightOfTreeTest.java)
- [Rooting a tree - Given an undirected graph and a designated root node, transform to a Rooted Tree with DFS recursively](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/main/java/com/ttahb/graph/RootingATree.java) --> [TestCase](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/test/java/com/ttahb/graph/RootingATreeTest.java)
- [Center(s) of a Tree - Given an undirected graph, acyclic graph - find the center(s) of the tree](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/main/java/com/ttahb/graph/CenterOfATree.java) --> [TestCase](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/test/java/com/ttahb/graph/CenterOfATreeTest.java)
- [Tree Isomorphism - Whether two trees given as undirected graphs, are structurally same - AHO Algorithm used for encoding](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/main/java/com/ttahb/graph/TreeIsomorphism.java) --> [TestCase](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/test/java/com/ttahb/graph/TreeIsomorphismTest.java)
- [Topological Sort - Using DFS Recursion](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/main/java/com/ttahb/graph/TopologicalSort.java) --> [TestCase](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/test/java/com/ttahb/graph/TopologicalSortTest.java)
- [Single Source Shortest Path - Using topological sort with Directed Acyclic Weighted Graph (DAG)](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/main/java/com/ttahb/graph/DAGSingleSourceShortestPathUsingTopSort.java) --> [TestCase](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/test/java/com/ttahb/graph/DAGSingleSourceShortestPathUsingTopSortTest.java)
- [Single Source Shortest Path - Dijkstra's Lazy Approach Using Priority Queue - Non-negative weights (DAG)](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/main/java/com/ttahb/graph/DijkstraLazyUsingPQ.java) --> [TestCase](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/test/java/com/ttahb/graph/DijkstraLazyUsingPQTest.java)
- [Min Heap based Priority Queue](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/main/java/com/ttahb/graph/DomesticPQ.java) --> [TestCase](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/test/java/com/ttahb/graph/TestDomesticPQ.java)
- [Min Heap based Indexed Priority Queue](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/main/java/com/ttahb/graph/IndexedPriorityQueue.java) --> [TestCase](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/test/java/com/ttahb/graph/TestIndexedPriorityQueue.java)
- [Single Source Shortest Path - Dijkstra's Eager Approach - Uses Indexed Priority Queue - Non-Negative Weights (DAG)](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/main/java/com/ttahb/graph/DijkstraEagerApproach.java) --> [TestCase](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/test/java/com/ttahb/graph/TestDijkstraEagerApproach.java)
- [Single Source Shortest Path - Bellman Ford -Edge List Representation - Works for Negative Weights, Detects Negative Cycle (DAG)](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/main/java/com/ttahb/graph/BellmanFordAlgorithm.java) --> [TestCase](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/test/java/com/ttahb/graph/BellmanFordAlgorithmTest.java)
- [All Pair Shortest Path - Floyd Warshall Algorithm With Path Reconstruction, Detects and Propogates Vertices in the Negative Cycle](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/main/java/com/ttahb/graph/FloydWarshallAPSP.java) --> [TestCase](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/test/java/com/ttahb/graph/FloydWarshalAPSPTest.java)
- [Find Bridges or cut edge in a graph with Adj List](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/main/java/com/ttahb/graph/FindBridgesAlgorithm.java) --> [TestCase](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/test/java/com/ttahb/graph/FindBridgesAlgorithmTest.java)
- [Find Articulation Point in a graph](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/main/java/com/ttahb/graph/FindArticulationPoints.java) --> [TestCase](https://github.com/ttahb/graphtheory/blob/master/src/test/java/com/ttahb/graph/FindArticulationPointsTest.java)
- # Pre-requisite for running algorithms.
- JDK16+ ( but with minute modifications can be run in JDK8+)
- Build Tool - Maven
- JUnit5 to run testcases.
